In OOP languages and type theory, polymorphism is the provision of a single interface to entities of different types.

Similarly, in TBI, polymorphism is the provision of a single character to refer to different meanings, (Polysemy is the capacity for a sign (e.g., a word, phrase, etc.) or signs to have multiple related meanings (sememes), i.e., a large semantic field. It is usually regarded as distinct from homonymy, in which the multiple meanings of a word may be unconnected or unrelated.

Charles Fillmore and Beryl Atkins’ definition stipulates three elements: (i) the various senses of a polysemous word have a central origin, (ii) the links between these senses form a network, and (iii) understanding the ‘inner’ one contributes to understanding of the ‘outer’ one.[3]

)or different writing format to refer to the same meamings.

Example, 'one', 

Example, 'son'

[1] A polymorphic type is a type whose operations can also be applied to values of some other type, or types.[2] There are several fundamentally different kinds of polymorphism:
If a function denotes different and potentially heterogeneous implementations depending on a limited range of individually specified types and combinations, it is called ad hoc polymorphism. Ad hoc polymorphism is supported in many languages using function overloading.
If the code is written without mention of any specific type and thus can be used transparently with any number of new types, it is called parametric polymorphism. In the object-oriented programming community, this is often known as generics or generic programming. In the functional programming community, this is often simply called polymorphism.
Subtyping (or inclusion polymorphism) is a concept wherein a name may denote instances of many different classes as long as they are related by some common superclass.[3] In object-oriented programming, this is often referred to simply as polymorphism.

The interaction between parametric polymorphism and subtyping leads to the concepts of variance and bounded quantification.





The polymophism played important roles in maintaining the characters unchanged in history due to that the mulitple meaning had to be met. 

For example, the horizontal line that is used to denote 'one' could not be modified to veritcal line. Since it will lost the meaning of boundary of heaven and earth. 
